---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "landscape_script Data Source - landscape"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Script data source
---

# landscape_script (Data Source)

Script data source



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (Number) Script identifier for this account in Landscape.

### Optional

- `access_group` (String) The access group the script is in. Defaults to 'global'.
- `attachments` (Attributes List) Attachments associated with this script. IDs of the attachments are not returned for V1 scripts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attachments))
- `created_at` (String) When the script was created. Not applicable for V1 scripts.
- `created_by` (Attributes) The creator of the script. Note that only V1 scripts have an email. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--created_by))
- `is_editable` (Boolean) Whether the script is editable by the caller. Not applicable for V1 scripts.
- `is_executable` (Boolean) Whether the script is executable by the caller. Not applicable for V1 scripts.
- `is_redactable` (Boolean) Whether the script is redactable by the caller. Not applicable for V1 scripts.
- `last_edited_at` (String) When the script was last edited. Not applicable for V1 scripts.
- `last_edited_by` (Attributes) The Landscape user who last edited the script. Not applicable for V1 scripts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--last_edited_by))
- `script_profiles` (Attributes List) List of script profiles associated with the script. Not applicable for V1 scripts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--script_profiles))
- `script_type` (String) The script version to create. Either V1 for legacy, V2 for 'modern' scripts with versioning and status.
				Note that V1 scripts are only visible in the legacy Landscape UI and V2+ scripts are only visible in the modern Landscape UI.
- `time_limit` (Number) The time limit in second for a script to complete successfully.
- `username` (String) The Linux user that will run the script on the Landscape Client instance.

### Read-Only

- `code` (String) The raw script code content. Note that this does NOT split on the interpreter/executable portion.
- `status` (String) The status of the script (active, archived, or redacted), or V1 for legacy scripts.
- `title` (String) The title of the script.
- `version_number` (Number) The version number of the script. Not applicable for V1 scripts.

<a id="nestedatt--attachments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attachments`

Optional:

- `id` (Number)

Read-Only:

- `filename` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--created_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `created_by`

Optional:

- `email` (String)

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--last_edited_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `last_edited_by`

Optional:

- `id` (Number)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--script_profiles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `script_profiles`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number)
- `title` (String)
