---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "landscape_script Resource - landscape"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Script resource
---

# landscape_script (Resource)

Script resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `code` (String, Sensitive) The raw script code content. Note that this does NOT split on the interpreter/executable portion.
- `title` (String) The title of the script.

### Optional

- `access_group` (String) The access group the script is in. Defaults to 'global'.
- `attachments` (Attributes List) Attachments associated with this script. IDs of the attachments are only returned for V2+ scripts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attachments))
- `created_at` (String) When the script was created. Not applicable for V1 scripts.
- `created_by` (Attributes) The creator of the script. Note that only V1 scripts have an email. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--created_by))
- `is_editable` (Boolean) Whether the script is editable by the caller. Not applicable for V1 scripts.
- `is_executable` (Boolean) Whether the script is executable by the caller. Not applicable for V1 scripts.
- `is_redactable` (Boolean) Whether the script is redactable by the caller. Not applicable for V1 scripts.
- `last_edited_at` (String) When the script was last edited. Not applicable for V1 scripts.
- `last_edited_by` (Attributes) The (Landscape) user who last edited the script. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--last_edited_by))
- `script_profiles` (Attributes List) List of script profiles for V2+ scripts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--script_profiles))
- `status` (String) The status of the script (ACTIVE, ARCHIVED, or REDACTED), or V1 for legacy scripts. This also determines the script version on create.
- `time_limit` (Number) The time limit in second for a script to complete successfully.
- `username` (String) The Linux user that will run the script on the Landscape Client instance.

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) Script identifier for this account in Landscape.
- `version_number` (Number) The version number of the script. Note that V1 scripts are unversioned.

<a id="nestedatt--attachments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attachments`

Optional:

- `id` (Number)

Read-Only:

- `filename` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--created_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `created_by`

Optional:

- `email` (String)

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--last_edited_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `last_edited_by`

Optional:

- `id` (Number)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--script_profiles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `script_profiles`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number)
- `title` (String)
